Welcome
QR Code
Project Gutenberg Mobile Site
Project Gutenberg is a library of over 60,000 free eBooks. Choose among free epub and Kindle eBooks, download them or read them online. You will find the world's great literature here, with focus on older works for which U.S. copyright has expired. Thousands of volunteers digitized and diligently proofread the eBooks, for enjoyment and education.

Looking for something to read? Project Gutenberg eBooks are mostly older literary works. Most were published before 1924, with some published in the decades after. Use one of the Search methods on this page, or try using the Bookshelves to browse by genre, age group, and topic.

New website available for testing. Visit https://dev.gutenberg.org (or http://dev.gutenberg.org) to test the site (it may have occasional outages, as improvements are made). There is a new website page that lists some known issues, and part of the motivation for the change. If you visit the new website, please consider providing your input and suggestions via an anonymous online survey afterwards.

No fee or registration! Everything from Project Gutenberg is gratis, libre, and completely without cost to readers. If you find Project Gutenberg useful, please consider a small donation, to help Project Gutenberg digitize more books, maintain our online presence, and improve Project Gutenberg programs and offerings. Other ways to help include digitizing, proofreading and formatting, recording audio books, or reporting errors.

No special apps needed! Project Gutenberg eBooks require no special apps to read, just the regular Web browsers or eBook readers that are included with computers and mobile devices. There have been reports of sites that charge fees for custom apps, or for the same eBooks that are freely available from Project Gutenberg. Some of the apps might have worthwhile features, but none are required to enjoy Project Gutenberg eBooks.

Find Free eBooks in the Project Gutenberg Library
Basic Search by keyword or field, also "Latest" and "Random" eBooks.
Advanced search with all search fields and categories.
Browse Catalog by author, title, subject, language and categories; full-text search.
Recently added eBooks.
Most Frequently Downloaded eBooks and Top 100 eBooks this month.
Bookshelves of related eBooks.
New eBook Feeds.
Offline Catalogs of eBook listings and metadata.
Visit self.gutenberg.org, for free eBooks by contemporary authors.
Help and Information
Mobile Reader Devices How-To: Using Kindle, Nook, cell phone, and other mobile devices and readers.
How-To and FAQs: In depth information about many topics.
How to Help
Report errors, bugs, typos (or, see detailed information about errata reporting)
Volunteering.
Distributed Proofreaders. Getting started is easy, and just a page a day will help!
LibriVox. Help record audio books.
Help to promote Project Gutenberg
Special areas
About Us: About Project Gutenberg.
No Cost or Freedom? What does 'free eBook' mean?
Permissions, licensing and trademark information.
Linking Readme: Linking to Project Gutenberg.
Robot Readme: Downloading many items at once.
Donate: Donating to Project Gutenberg.
Partners, Affiliates and Resources.
Terms of Use
Our eBooks may be freely used in the United States because most are not protected by U.S. copyright law, usually because their copyrights have expired. They may not be free of copyright in other countries. Readers outside of the United States must check the copyright terms of their countries before downloading or redistributing our eBooks. We also have a number of copyrighted titles, for which the copyright holder has given permission for unlimited non-commercial worldwide use.

The Project Gutenberg website is for human users only. Any real or perceived use of automated tools to access our site will result in a block of your IP address. This site utilizes cookies, captchas and related technologies to help assure the site is maximally available for human users only.

For more details see our Terms of Use page.

Contact Info
Contact Information: How to get in touch.
Mailing lists: Join our email lists.